Asset versioning docs (#10922)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/assets/asset-observations.mdx

    )
    return df
```

### Observable source assets

> <PyObject object="SourceAsset" /> objects may have a user-defiend _observation function_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<PyObject object="SourceAsset" /> objects may have a user-defined _observation function_
```

that returns a <PyObject object="LogicalVersion" />. Whenever the observation
function is run, an `AssetObservation` will be generated for the source asset
and tagged with the returned logical version. The logical version is used in
staleness calculations for downstream assets.

> The <PyObject object="observable_source_asset" /> decorator provides a conveninet way to define source assets with observation functions. The below observable source asset takes a file hash and returns it as the logical version. Every time you run the observation function, a new observation will be generated with this hash set as logical verison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <PyObject object="observable_source_asset" /> decorator provides a convenient way to define source assets with observation functions. The below observable source asset takes a file hash and returns it as the logical version. Every time you run the observation function, a new observation will be generated with this hash set as logical version.
```
